The beginning of the steps to customize our Spring Security
object is to build our own UserDetails object.
We actually chose to do this the more realistic approach and a
scenario very common to which you may run into in your own app,
and that is to extend the user object,
which is also the default object from Spring Security.
You can see here in this snippet of code that we had to
fully qualify the package to the User class.
The reason for this is that we already have a class
inside of our app named User, so we had to specify which one we were extending.
Also,
you can see in this code that we are going to add a property named nickname.
A nickname is a common attribute in an app because people might not always
use their given name as to what they prefer to be called. Let's create this object in our code now.